---
layout: post
title: 0x02 Update
---

It's been a while. I've been looking at the higher level - application level stuffs
like smart contracts. Basically it's a way to employ a bot on the Ethereum network.
Very interesting stuff. 

Then I took a break from all the blockchain stuff to switch to hardware stuffs like
Arduino and AVR architecture, only for a taste though. I guess now I'm on the reverse
engineering phase now. Computer architectures, asm, risc, ... stuffs like that. 

This blog won't be too technical, it would be more like an update. 

I've thought of a project, I got somewhat of a vague idea. I want to build some sort
of an Arduino device, small one, something you can carry around your pocket. The
mechanism is very much like and very much inspired from the Covid breakout. Let's
call it an *infection protocol*, or the *ant protocol*.

I like to observe ants sometimes. If you watch closely, you see them communicate
through their little antennas if two ants ever happen to bump into each other. One
ant just scout around, then it happens to find food. Then it bumps to one other ant,
transmitting the location of the food. Then that "one other ant" just keep bumping to
other ants and spreading the words around.

One application I can think of is solving traffic jam. One car just bump into a
traffic, an arduino on that car can recognize that, then warning other cars not to
head that path and take an alternative path.

Come to think of it, the whole road traffic is just a huge system / network where
each vehicle is an independant node. 

One imminent problem of this protocol is the presence of a malicious ant, trying to
get everyone *away* from the food, for instance, by giving false direction. 
